<align=center><b> Arboryn History </b></align>
We’re touring the town today, guided by the mayor’s assistant. It means less time for training, but the diplomacy training equals out the needed growth in physical skills for today.
Part of the discussion will fall to the Ruins, explaining how the monsters first appeared, what they mean for the people, and more. The way history grabs Dad, he would love to learn about this if he was willing to pick up his head and listen to anyone other than his trusted advisors.
In preparation, I took some time to explore the town’s library, finding a book regarding the history of the adjoining Ruins. It took a rhythm
---PAGE BREAK---

to navigate the intermingling of the two, something that clearly hasn’t yet been reached, but I can’t help but trace the words of the page, the start of this process stretching down through the words.
In a sense, Arboryn and the Ruins are reforming their identities to change and accommodate each other. A new aspect of self carves its way into the old. The aspects brush against each other, questioning each time if it rubs the right or wrong way. If I can work this same rhythm into myself, I want to. I want to understand how to merge your separate selves into one.
---PAGE BREAK---

<align=center><b> Norbert </b></align>
Norbert’s expression changed when we got to Arboryn.
In Patria, dark circles always hung heavy under his eyes, brow furrowed like he found a question he couldn’t answer. When we met, I attributed it to the stress of the military and confronting their lies.
That answer doesn’t sit right with me now.
In Arboryn, seeing the kids of the village run around, his entire demeanor brightened.
Norbert once tried to tackle a tigermoose, so I never saw him as extremely serious. What I considered happiness in that spontaneous moment, I might now call carelessness.
---PAGE BREAK---

When he retrieved the ball that had rolled past the treeline into monster territory for that group of kids, he smiled when passing it to them. I could see a weight that I never even processed ease off his shoulders.
As we fight the creatures terrorizing these people, I can now see that same weight roll from his shoulders down into a shield: a cause to put his effort into.
Maybe something about Arboryn sparks these changes, but something tells me this would hold true in other villages as well.
His Patrian enlistment papers had duty listed under cause of enrollment. 
---PAGE BREAK---

He spots flaws in my tactics I wouldn’t even think of and executes plans without hesitation. Those traits could assist him anywhere, but he chose to be here.
A cause and purpose are synonyms, something separate from duty alone. Duty spawns from a purpose.
